---
layout:     post
title:      英语论文写作课笔记
subtitle:   第六节课
date:       2018-6-24
author:     Tianshu
header-img: img/home_page.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - writing
---
Audience and Story

1.
data -> information -> knowledge -> understanding
e.g. DNA Double helix

2 write an abstract
构成 
  background: 
    basic introduction(one or two sentences)
    more detailed background(two or three sentences)
  problem: 
    stating the general problem(one sentence)
  solution: 
  assessment:
    summarizing the main result(one sentence)
    what the main result reveals(two or three sentences)
    general context(one or two), broader perspective(two or three)

3 abstract一些好的语法
However, ... (statement before however can not be negative)
Here, we found/show
In conclusion

4. IWrite 摘要写作小工具
www.bioinfo.org.cn/iwrite/#/

5. task 1
why?why?why?

problem: children are addicted to smartphone and social media, and these things have negative effects on the health and development of children.

why? -> Chidren can not control themselves consiously and they are not forbidden to use the smartphone and social media.
why? ->Children have numerous accesses to smartphone and social media. 
why? ->Smartphone and social media firms don't do enough and consciously prevent children gain access to these things, and there are not robust parental tools now to give children right protection.

background:

In this technical high speed development information age, almost everyone has a smartphone. Smartphone and social media bring people much convenience. However, smartphone and social media firms don't do enough and consciously prevent chidren gain access to these things, and there are not robust parental tools now to give children right protection.

6. task 2
solution:
Apple plans to make parental control tools more robust to inspire, entertain, and educate chidren.

7 task 3
assessment:
Apple's parental control tools include content and app restrictions, data access, privacy settings and password requirements now. It will provide more protection for children. But there are still more smartphone and social media firms not doing enough and consciously preventing children gaining access to such devices and sites. Futhermore, these firms need to pay more attention on the parental tools for children's education, health, and development.

8 abstract

In this technical high speed development information age, almost everyone has a smartphone. Smartphone and social media bring people much convenience. However, smartphone and social media firms don't do enough and consciously prevent chidren gain access to these things, and there are not robust parental tools now to give children right protection. Hence children have numerous accesses to smartphone and social media. Futhermore, Chidren can not control themselves consiously as adults and they are addicted to smartphone and social media. What's more, these things have negative effects on the health and development of children. Apple plans to make parental control tools more robust to inspire, entertain, and educate chidren. Apple's parental control tools include content and app restrictions, data access, privacy settings and password requirements now. It will provide more protection for children. But there are still more smartphone and social media firms not doing enough and consciously preventing children gaining access to such devices and sites. Futhermore, these firms need to pay more attention on the parental tools for children's education, health, and development.

