---
layout:     post
title:      英语论文写作课笔记
subtitle:   第五节课
date:       2018-5-28
author:     Tianshu
header-img: img/home_page.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - writing
---
1 Semicolon


推荐读物：The best American science and nature writing

2 Flow
always keep in mind what is the story line
always come back the particular idea


3 organization
(1) First prepare a skeleton: introduction/method's subtitles match the result's

(2) Internal Organization
    1.General to Specific
       general statements: 不要太专业，要告诉读者这篇文章在干什么（比较能理解一些）
       exercise 1:
       Artificial Intelligence progresses with the continued advance of human history, replacing human beings in many aspects of life. For example, robot nurses help people look after the elderly and walk the dog; robots are also able to keep company with children.
    2.Specific to General
       exercise 2: 
       Artificial Intelligence progresses with the continued advance of human history, replacing human beings in many aspects of life. 
       AI technology derevives many tools to help people. For example, robot nurses help people look after the elderly and keep company with childreng; robots are also able to walk the dog and do some other things. 
       Some people wonder robots will take place of human beings in the future. However, AI technology liberate human from very heavy work and also brings so much fun.
    3. Problem -> Solution
    4. Process
       First, next, finally, then...
       always in METHODS section
       e.g. recipe
       instruction
       academic: passive, past
       exercise 3:
       1. instruction:
          First, cut the tomatoes into dices.
          Second, stir the egg;
          Third, open the fire, and then pour moderate oil into the pan;
          Forth, put the tomato dices into the pan after the oil start smoking and then pour the egg liquid into it;
          Fifth, stir-fry constantly until the food is cooked.
       2. academic
          First, the tomatoes and eggs needed to be prepared 
    5. Old -> New
       











